hello youtube today i'm going to show
you the ssh stuff to your ipod touch I'm
just do this it has to be jailbroken
lying is the iphone cuz she just as the
iphone interface so first we're going to
go on to that desktop and you must
download wind scape so whens gave right
there get i'm just going to come up this
hold on okay ipod well if we're going to
do if you can you get it added a new
witcha ninjas now you can go back in
time posting as your IP address Brandon
go back to your ipod and go to setting
okay
you're going to go to general and oh
wait now so sorry what I know general
you need a Wi-Fi and then go then the
one show connect into anybody need Wi-Fi
connectivity for this when is your
connected to there's an arrow next to it
so I can't show you my IP obvious but
it's right there when covering it with
my finger and well I do that's your IP
address so you type that in and then use
your name here i'll just type in a
random number
okay I'm not saving you money
and ecstasy default go ahead and hide
your card hacker default ok so username
username you can put our 00 t loop the
not Gabrielle a cheap crook okay
password you're going to put a l.p on
and these at all time I'm going to do
what that is you don't need a private
key file now what you're going to do go
see what drop down bar right here
connection and you're going to up this
to fix p click off of it and we're going
to come back to acid and you're just
going to go back to
yes sessions you get second then you're
just going to go to safe and you can
make it ever name you want on Justin for
it ipod right I'll just put google
awesome
through lots of diesel and stand for
okay you just click on it then it is
good see how it's got that highlighted
right now what you can do log and it's
gonna grow a penis and if you have this
problem right here that's because you
have download openssh sshfs or X plus h
so now what you have to do on your ipod
now go to cydia and download the program
in all programs called open SSH also you
can need to download boss press I'll put
that in the description so you can get
that and once you have that try the boss
boss press which I have it in my
utilities folder I have it in my
utilities folder so okay orders right
there boss press as it'll work work and
skin say analyzing services now also
page you might want to turn that off
okay SSH have to be on and Wi-Fi has to
be on ok so now doing that now what you
need to do is go to this super-awesome
business and forth on it ok I'm not
going to use that line i'm just going to
use Jake's ipod so i'm going to go to
noggin
might take a second
ok now in the work you
i'm just going to use
ok so does all that all right I'm
covering that with my fingers in that
five yet okay just going to downloading
all the stuff
and so down here now password once again
advanced I've been alpine I'm fine then
you're going to click enter ok I have
cats often make sure no jacks off and
then you're going to give it this is s
SH now we're going to get to your world
Ruth good got twice and there you have
it from here you can get to lock down
you can get some applications this is
all your abbreviations until you add
cracked apps you can think and that is
it super awesome PG 17 for peace out
subscribe leave comments 5 stars read it
thanks very much goodbye